In the last lecture I showed you how to add interest setters Now sometimes you don't want to intercept
the request but you want to set up some global configuration.
Let's say you are you are sending the requests to and your application is always the same.
So it's always someplace or older type II code in our case here and then slash something.
So that starting part is always the same.
So what would be nice if we could cut it out here and just send the request to get posts and automatically
apprentice to some comments starting your l.
Turns out we can do that in the next index as fall which is a good place because it runs First it starts
to react.
We can use X years and their exes to defaults object to set up defaults which are true for all requests
which are being sent and there we can find a base you are l and this you are l will now be used well
as the names digests as a base your L to which d our POVs are then simply appended.
Now with that set up here we have set by the way important should be base Eurail with capital characters
here for the Ural casing is important here.
Now we already removed it from get all posts here in the block container.
Now in new post we can all get rid of it when posting data.
And in the full post there we have two places one where we get to single post and one where we delete
a single post so we can get rid of that starting your L everywhere and if we go back to the app you
see it still loads it still works.
Everything still works fine here because we didn't really change to the way we sent requests but we
made it a bit easier for us because of that global configuration.
Now you're also not limited to just adding the base your L here.
You can also access defaults headers and there set a common header though on that common object of authorization
common headers or simply the general headers which are set for all types of requests and there you could
set this to your of token if you had one or whatever that is.
You can also set headers just for specific request types like for post requests only where you maybe
want to set the content type you're sending to application Chaisson which you don't need to that's the
default anyways just to show this.
So now if you do this if you go back to the application and you inspect the request which was sent you
will see that under headers we've got the offerings sation autopen.
And for a post request yeard we do that you will see that there if we inspect the request configuration
we got the off reception header and Content-Type.
Application Jason.
So that's another cool feature of.
Setting a default configuration which will be used application wide super awesome.
Helps you to optimize your code quite a lot.